axes.formatter.limits : -5, 5
axes.linewidth        : 2

errorbar.capsize      : 2

figure.dpi            : 300
figure.figsize        : 7, 7
font.family           : serif
font.serif            : Latin Modern Roman
font.sans-serif       : Computer Modern
font.size             : 20
font.weight           : bold
image.cmap            : viridis

axes.titlesize : 24
axes.labelsize : 20

lines.linewidth : 3 
legend.handletextpad  : 0.2
legend.fontsize       : 15
legend.frameon        : True
legend.handlelength   : 0.8
legend.labelspacing   : 0.2
legend.markerscale    : 1.0
lines.markersize      : 5

#mpl_toolkits.legacy_colorbar : False
savefig.bbox          : tight
#savefig.dpi           : 400
savefig.format        : pdf
savefig.transparent   : True
text.usetex           : True
text.latex.preamble   : \usepackage{bm}

xtick.direction       : out
xtick.minor.visible   : False
ytick.direction       : out
ytick.minor.visible   : False
xtick.top             : False
ytick.right           : False
xtick.major.size      : 5
xtick.major.width     : 3
ytick.major.size      : 5
ytick.major.width     : 3
xtick.minor.size      : 3
xtick.minor.width     : 1
ytick.minor.size      : 3
ytick.minor.width     : 1
